two times two times I have to drag you
out of that jail like a filthy hobo I'm
sorry Lana
what what did you just say
oh sorry Lenny you're sorry don't call
me Lenny you're sorry one time is I'm
sorry
two times makes me think that I've
picked the wrong man you already got
your ass thrown out of Yale for drinking
and fighting and I'm just gonna be a
lush that hangs powerlines for this day
that you're gonna live in a trailer
we're gonna have ten kids is that the
plan it's just later please no we're
gonna discuss this right now well you
smell like vomit and cheap booze does
dick want some coffee
mom get out get out just dick want some
coffee
Jesus Christ okay here's my plan all
right
either you stand up straight and you get
your back straight and you have the
courage to become someone or I'm gone I
know a dozen guys and a few professors
at school who would date me I love you
Lana then prove it prove it
I can't go to a big Ivy League school
and I can't run a company or be mayor
that's just the way the world is for a
girl I need you and right now you are a
big fat piss-soaked z-row
[Music]